We'll come back.
I wanted to add a quick video to let you know of a few updates Crais react up that we used in the previous
video is now a little bit outdated.
And there's something called create react app 2.0 just a newer version of Cray react up that has a few
other features that actually won't get in the way to much with what we do in the next couple of videos.
And if you want to read about it you can read about the feature set they're mostly advanced so we don't
need to worry too much about it but it's good to know that as libraries evolve you're going to see changes
and differences.
And if you are working on a project it's good to keep an eye out on the libraries that you're using
so that you're able to update them because updates usually mean better performance better experience
with libraries.
So it's always good to keep things updated if they make sense and most of the times people that create
these are going to try really really hard to make your experience and transitioning to that upgrade
really easy.
So let's have a look at Create react up 2.0.
And one show you how it looks and to show you how to create your app in case this happens in the future.
First off when we run create re-act up I will call this project new re-act is going to create a package
for us.
Nothing's changed.
Just like before.
A nice simple command that does everything for us so we can create our re-act project.
There we go.
Now if we open this in subline or actually let's clear this and make sure we go into the new folder
so you react.
And if I open this sublime everything is pretty much the same.
There's a few minor changes that we don't need to worry about.
All we want to check is that package.json
we have the new version which is 2.1.1 the latest version and if I run NPM start here
the only changes that you'll really see is all this nicer looking front page.
So don't get startled if that's different from the previous video.
Like I said this is just an upgraded version.
But let's talk about how this might be useful to you.
You see in this project we're going to be creating our robofriends app and I actually have the finished
version of our robofriends right over here free look at the files we see that we have our project in
here.
But this is an outdated version that we're going to be using throughout the next couple of videos.
But let's say you working at a company and the boss just told you hey this new create-react-app just
got published.
It's a lot faster.
It's more performant.
It uses a lot of the upgraded tools can we upgraded.
What do you do.
Well all you need to do is if we open this project up and Sublime Text we would go to package.json
and see over here how our version is 1.0.
And we know that the version the newest version is 2.1.1 well all we need to do is
just update the.
And then run npm install and that's going to read the package.json file and re-install everything
using react scripts with a version 2.0 1.1 which will update everything for us.
We now have the latest version of reactor and all we need to do to check that it's working is run
npm start again.
And our robofriends app which we're going to build over the next couple of videos seems to be still
working.
Very nice.
And by the way as a side note you can update to react to the newer versions as well.
If you want to go over here we see that the latest reac version is sixteen point six point one.
So we could do the same here and update the library but that's something that we don't really need to
do now.
Now usually when you're working with large projects this can get pretty tough when we're updating libraries.
We might have breaking changes that as we update might break our app and if our app is really really
big you might not even notice that these updates to a library is going to affect our app.
Maybe you will discover that bug.
Four months from now after we've done the update and that's something that you really want to be careful
of and think about in your career as a developer.
It's why package.json files exist because this way I can copy this package.json file and give
it to another developer and this developer knows exactly what version of libraries and packages they
should use in order to make sure that this project runs.
It's good to update your libraries but it's not necessarily always the best way to do things because
you might have those rare cases when bugs emerge and that's something that you'll just have to get used
to and adapt as you get more and more experience.
All right let's get started in the next video Buh-Bye.